Mrs. Lu is sick
Why don't you go back first?
If there is anything, I will pass it on for you first.
When he is well, he will definitely find you first.
Mr. Lu is sick
Why can't I look at him?
Is it an infectious disease?
Lu Chaoyue
What nonsense did you just say?
How could I have an infectious disease?
What's the matter? Are you in some trouble?
Bye. What's going on?
What did I do wrong again?
Is there anyone who dares to bully you?
Who dares to bully me except you?
Then tell me where I went wrong.
Can I change it?
Manman, why are you crying?
It's all my fault manman
Then you hit me you hit me
Who told you not to tell me?
It's you who protected my father's good son for me
Do you think that's noble?